How to create a react project using Vite :
1.) Step - 1
    npm create vite@latest

2.) Step - 2
    framework - react
    variant - javascript

3.) Step - 3
    cd to the file created
    ls in that 

4.) Step - 4
    you will see "package.json" file
    "npm i" it to install all you need

Difference between "Create React App" and "Vite"

1.) CRA is slower where as Vite is faster as it bundles it before serving where as Vite bundles only when it is necessary.   
2.) CRA is opinionated it doesnt give a choice when it comes to library rather enforces what to use Vite doesent do that instead it allows you to choose whatever you want.
3.) In CRA due to React scripts a script file is ejected which does all the work.


Problems with CRA
1.) Bundling in Create React App:
    Before Serving the App:
    When you start the development server using CRA (npm start), Webpack bundles the entire app, combining all the files into a single output (or a few outputs).
    Even if you change a small part of the code (like a single component), Webpack rebuilds the entire bundle from scratch. This process can be slow, especially as your project grows.

2.) Why is This an Issue?
    The problem with bundling the entire app every time is that it’s inefficient for development. Even small changes require the whole app to be reprocessed, leading to longer wait times before you see the updates.
    This approach contrasts with tools like Vite, which avoid this full rebundling by only loading the parts of the app that change, resulting in much faster updates during development.

Example Visualization:
Imagine you have 100 JavaScript files in your React app. With CRA:

When you run your app in development mode, Webpack scans all 100 files, figures out their dependencies, and bundles them into a single output (e.g., bundle.js).
If you change one file, Webpack reprocesses all 100 files again to recreate the bundle before it serves it to your browser.
In contrast, Vite serves files as individual ES modules, only rebundling the ones that change, significantly reducing build time and improving the development experience.

React : 
1.) React DOM for web development and web pages 
2.) React Native for android development 